[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: I'm
your host, David Wilcock,
and I'm here with our
special guest, Pete Peterson.
Pete, welcome back.
>>PETE PETERSON:
Thank you much, David.
>>DAVID: So we want to focus
in on some interesting subjects
in this episode
regarding dolphins,
and you were involved in
some very bizarre research
with dolphins in the
classified world.
You were telling
us that there is
some connection between dolphins
and human life on Earth now.
So could you tell us a
little more about that first?
>>PETERSON: Well,
the humans, I think,
started out as an
aquatic animal.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>PETERSON: And if you look
at the structure of the ears,
the structure of the
nasal passages, the eyes,
the way that things feel, and
it appears that it becomes kind
of obvious that we were at least
partially aquatic and probably
if you were partially aquatic
very much earlier on you
weren't.
Think of the fact that the
first nine months since you--
after you had the
sperm and the egg
introduced, why, you're
living in a bath of water
and your lungs are open
to it and everything else.
And the Russians
in their research
found out that if man
was birthed under water
and then brought up to the
mother's breast, which was out
of water, things
naturally occurred.
Their IQs were 20
to 40 points larger
throughout their lifetime.
We bring him out into a
bunch of bright light,
and it scares the
heck out of them.
And so our babies are
six to eight or nine
months before they start to
function as a human whereas
if you're born in a
very dimly lighted room
underwater in a
salt water solution
where your balance
is a certain amount--
there are a lot of things
that are not fully formed
in your body, a lot of
things that are still there
are stem cells.
And they form over eight or
nine or 10 months or 10 years
or 16, 18 years,
they're still forming
things that couldn't stand the
pressures prior to that time.
And so we immediately throw
our babies into a situation
where they get a lot of
cells destroyed, cellular,
they don't multiply.
And then you look
at the dolphins,
and it's interesting
what happens
and over a period of time
and that type of morphology.
And where are you mature, the
body gets to mature slowly,
but the brain and the attachment
of the brain to the body
and the attachment of
the brain to the exterior
happen much faster if you
let it develop post-birth
for a period of
three to five months.
But if you don't
do it right, you're
going to take five or six
years before you really get
to where you'd be a year later.
And there's a city in Russia
where the people are all
born that way, and they
tend to have an adult IQ--
there other things
that are done,
but they tend to have
an adult IQ somewhere
between high genius
and super high genius.
>>DAVID: How does this
concept of us being possibly
aquatic in nature
from before, how
does that tie-in with
dolphins in the ocean today?
>>PETERSON: Well, if you've
ever observed from a distance,
you hear a lot of
things about people
that go swimming especially,
the dolphins in the larger
islands in Hawaii, have a really
tight symbiotic relationship
with humans.
They're almost always there
when humans go out in the water,
there have been
thousands of cases
that humans were bumped
along the surface
and saved when
they got little too
much water in a surfing pipe
and et cetera, et cetera.
And the dolphins laugh
and jump and talk to us,
and of course, we don't
realize that's happening.
But I have a very brilliant
psychologist friend
who was dying, he went out
swimming they said, no, you
need to go swimming.
You need to work
your heart and organs
and you can't do it running,
and you need to go swimming.
And they sent him out,
and all of a sudden, here
came dolphin after
dolphin after dolphin
and they crowded around and
rubbed him and brushed him
and there was communication
going on there.
I mean, he could feel
communication going on.
And he started learning things,
just independently knowing
things, and the dolphins treated
him over a period of time
in different stages.
And he just got better and
better and better and better
than he was and
better than he was.
His neural capabilities went up.
He could sense different levels
of heat, different levels
of intellectual ability.
>>DAVID: That's bizarre.
>>PETERSON: Very bizarre.
So that required somebody
with just his particular level
of knowledge.
>>DAVID: Are you
saying the dolphins
were in some kind of
communication with him?
>>PETERSON: Most of this he
learned from the dolphins.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>PETERSON: And he learned it
in a whole totally different
manner.
>>DAVID: So it was like
there was a telepathy--
>>PETERSON: There was-- they
were giving us information.
>>DAVID: So you somehow end up
getting involved with figuring
out how to hear from
the communications from
the dolphins and working with--
>>PETERSON: Well,
what happened was
that my friend, my
psychologist friend,
had all of a sudden come
up with a new psychology.
That new psychology
we went in we
taught to the
colonels and generals
of the Russian military,
and they went to--
in Russia, they're
part of the Duma.
It's like this we have
Senate and Congress
and they have three houses--
one is the military, one is
academia and manufacturing,
and one is the people
that try to make
you think that Stalin
and Lenin were right
about their psycho
political philosophies
the KGB and the Politburo
and people like that.
Well, we went and
taught the generals
this, all of the group.
They all stood up when he
was done with this five day
school and Nobel, Nobel, Nobel.
I wanted to nominate
him for a Nobel Prize.
And then they went to the
whole Politburo, and they said,
we learn some new things.
We're not going to hold the war.
We're the military,
and we're not
going to hold war,
so find a better way.
And that's when the wall
started coming down.
>>DAVID: And glasnost
and perestroika--
>>PETERSON: They were
invented by the military
and passed down,
and they tried it,
and it worked
really, really well.
And it was working very well.
>>DAVID: Now you had mentioned
to me before that eventually
you discovered that some
kind of extraterrestrial
was communicating to you
through these dolphins.
So could you explain that to us?
>>PETERSON: Well, I think that
the dolphins in one of the--
what's happened is
you go back in history
and you find that there
were very brilliant, very
powerful civilizations
and then they'd
have a war in between themselves
or with others that weren't
as bright as they were,
that certain people, groups
of people, the
way they educated,
the way they birthed
their children,
and all the different
factors figured in.
So they had-- we'll say
they had a higher IQ,
but they really had
a higher intellect.
Not the intelligence quotient
but the actual intellect,
and they had an ability
to intercommunicate
in a whole different
manner than speaking.
You don't use words to
have psychic communication,
you have ideas, you have
thoughts, you have information.
>>DAVID: So how did
you become aware
that extraterrestrials might be
involved with these dolphins?
>>PETERSON: Well,
because they told us.
And we saw that, yes, there were
extraterrestrial bodies that
were popping up here and there.
Yes, they had a lot of the same
eye features, nose breathing
features, breath features,
muscle features, movements,
body movements.
>>DAVID: So what did you learn
about the extraterrestrials
that were working
through these dolphins?
>>PETERSON: They were
here using the dolphins
to communicate with us.
They were here communicating
with the dolphins
so they could
communicate with us.
So they were entertrained,
and the dolphins
were a more ancient
people and so
they had higher
abilities than we had
in these informational arenas.
And I think we were
put here very innocent
so that we would learn--
we would have the ability to
bring to the overall mankind
or intelligent being kind--
they were operative in
different solar systems,
different galaxies, different
parts of the universe.
>>DAVID: So are you saying that
there were extraterrestrials
that were not living on
Earth that were using
these dolphins like avatars?
>>PETERSON: Some that were
living here and some that
weren't.
Some that were living way
the hell across the galaxies.
>>DAVID: Different types
of extraterrestrials?
>>PETERSON: Well, I'm sure
they were different types.
I mean, they were
doing different things,
new different things.
They were very, very advanced.
They had to go down--
it's like them having
to learn to talk
to a worm to talk to us.
And some it was obvious.
It was a whole different type of
knowledge that these people had
and that the dolphins had.
And it wasn't so
knowledge that we had,
and it wasn't the
knowledge that--
I don't think we were
intellectual to that point
at that time that we
could have used it.
>>DAVID: So did the protocol
involve swimming out
into the ocean, and then
this group of dolphins
would surround you?
Was that what was happening?
>>PETERSON: That was where
the major transformations took
place, and they took place
with people who had illnesses.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>PETERSON: Now when
you have illnesses,
you have genetic
mutations many times.
Those genetic mutations
gave us the ability
to have better communications.
The dolphins could pick this up.
And in my feeling,
they were probably
in the hundreds of
thousands of years
older than we were when they
knew much the same things,
but they were tied to the ocean
or tied to freshwater, mostly
to the ocean.
>>DAVID: Would the person who
goes out there, if they're ill,
and they get
surrounded by dolphins,
would they be aware as this is
happening that communication
was taking place or would
they just get new ideas
after they came back to shore?
>>PETERSON: I've
studied lot of them,
some people weren't
aware, many people
were highly aware because we
are evolving rather rapidly.
>>DAVID: Would the information
be available right away
or would some of it
come in stages and not--
>>PETERSON: Some of it
had to come in stages.
You had to say to yourself,
this must be happening.
So you'd look for
this to happen,
and then you'd see, oh,
I see where it happened.
Like all of a sudden
one day, you'd
just be frustrated
about something, and all
of a sudden, that seemed
like a childlike thing
to be frustrated over.
Something that was
happening, but by now you're
used to it happening.
You knew how to call it to come
into being like you learn how
to do remote
viewing or you learn
to do how remote influencing.
You learn to hold your mind
in a different posture.
>>DAVID: There's a report from
Jacques Cousteau where they
scuba dived down into the ocean
and they saw a circle of, I
believe he said, eight dolphins
standing on their tails
and they were like
talking to each other,
like moving their fins--
>>PETERSON: Like a bunch of guys
sitting in a bar around a bar
table talking.
>>DAVID: And then
when one of them
noticed that Cousteau and
his buddies were up there,
they all fled very quickly.
What do you think
was going on there?
>>PETERSON: Well, I've
seen that phenomenon.
>>DAVID: Really?
OK.
>>PETERSON: And I used to
do a lot of deep sea diving.
Good friends of mine
were the people who
supported Cousteau for years.
>>DAVID: Oh.
What were some of the things
that you saw that were unusual?
>>PETERSON: Well,
the same phenomenon
you're talking about.
They would be doing
something and you'd
swim up through seaweed
or underwater structures
and you'd see them
definitely socializing.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>PETERSON: And it was
obvious they were socializing.
It was obvious, therefore,
there was communication,
and the communication
was always at a distance.
They didn't have to be bumping
heads or touching hands
or holding hands or--
they could be 10 or 20 feet
apart, and all of a sudden,
they'd split in every direction.
And there was no like, hey guys,
and everybody looks this way,
and hey, this is
happening and they hear it
and then they all fly off.
It's just like, all
of a sudden, boom,
they're gone, just in a flash.
And if you've seen
anything underwater,
you've seen a lot of this
kind of behavior go on.
>>DAVID: Now do you think,
based on what you just said,
that other types of cetaceans
besides dolphins could also--
>>PETERSON: Oh,
all the cetaceans.
>>DAVID: They could
be avatars for
extraterrestrial intelligence?
>>PETERSON: Well, I don't
know whether avatars
is the proper name
for it, but they
held their own very highly
developed intelligence,
and most had the ability
to communicate anywhere
in the universe instantaneously.
It's like when we did a
remote viewing, there's no--
we can say, well, I want
to go out about maybe 2
million light years.
Well, you do, you find people.
They don't seem to bother you.
Sometimes you can recognize
they see you're there.
And what you're doing is you're
using your eyes and your ear
function, and you
can be underwater,
you can be in space in a space
suit in a vacuum with air
and oxygen, with certain
favorable substances,
and you can find ways
of tuning and ways
of enhancing that
intercommunication.
And you don't
intercommunicate in English.
>>DAVID: Did you
guys ever figure out
how the dolphins caused
the body to heal itself?
Was it a sound frequency?
Was it some psychic energy?
>>PETERSON: Actually, you
said it inadvertently.
You already knew.
You call it into being.
It's like a cross between
prayer and in other words,
asking for it and also making
it OK that it happened.
You have free agency,
so when you get up
into where you realize
you have free agency,
then you can start doing
all kinds of things
and you can do
remote influencing.
You can do biolocation,
you can do--
turn off the sound where you
can focus the eyes better.
>>DAVID: So these
dolphins somehow
would help us to activate
our own potential?
>>PETERSON: They would teach us.
We would get
information, not in a way
we're normally used to
getting information.
>>DAVID: Now one of the
weird things that you said
to me, Pete, and
this goes back to,
I had a book that
came out in 2010,
"Source Field
Investigations," and you
said that when you
read that book,
you had never seen something
that came as close to what
the dolphins taught you before.
>>PETERSON: Yeah, exactly.
>>DAVID: So could you
explain a little about that?
What was what was in the
book that reminded you
of what the dolphin said?
>>PETERSON: You
had a point of view
is the best way I can
say because that's
exactly what it was.
You had a new
viewpoint on things
you sensed from the
universe and things
you sent to the universe.
You realized that it was
somehow like prayer, perhaps.
I mean, there aren't words.
But it was a communication
that took place
that you realized was two way.
You realize you're
thinking about,
oh, I'm thinking about this
and this is a new thought.
Then you'd think, I wonder if--
and then when you wonder
if, that's really asking,
is it like this.
And then you'd get an answer
back-- yes, it's like that,
and you go, whoa.
Like where did that come from.
>>DAVID: Wow.
And this is while you're
swimming with dolphins?
Or it could be after as well?
>>PETERSON: It
could be any time,
but predominantly when
you got done swimming with
the dolphins, you came
out and you were--
and again, the only
words I know to use
were you were more enlightened
than you'd ever been before.
And enlightenment lasts
for a period of time.
It's like at
nighttime, you turn on
and you can hear radio stations
you can't hear in the daytime.
And then you can
forget those and tune
to another channel
in the daytime
and then at night, you
want to go back and listen
to the other half
of that program
and you don't know where to
tune for it because you didn't
really look at the radio.
You were just tuning
through and you
heard a really
interesting conversation
and you're stuck on it.
Well, it's kind of like that.
And pretty soon, that's 990 AM
at 1 o'clock in the morning.
So you can go back and tune to
that particular type of thing.
Well, you get so you
can do the same thing
with intuitive things.
>>DAVID: So, Pete, were there
any physiological changes
in these dolphins
that you observed
if they were in contact or
being used by extraterrestrials
of some kind?
>>PETERSON: I wouldn't
have any idea because I
wasn't an extraterrestrial.
But I can tell you
that there were
very different things
they did when they
were in communication with us.
Like we were very
joyful and they
like to jump out of the
water and splash back,
and they like to let
us know that they were
getting communication, I think.
And they had their
ways of doing that,
and they were the same
amongst different groups
of these animals.
But it's like they all
spoke together, they all
spoke the same language, or
they all had the same things.
Depends on whether you learn
to ride a bicycle from having
ridden a tricycle or not.
And you have ways in a
tricycle, you protect yourself
from tipping over.
When you then learn
to ride a bicycle,
you use the same actions.
And I did that study to
determine exactly the answer
to the question that you asked.
I was doing that
study to see where
did this knowledge come from.
>>DAVID: Was this
a secret government
study that you were doing?
>>PETERSON: I don't know
whether it was secret.
I know we didn't talk
about it very much
except to those people--
it was done pretty
well isolated.
>>DAVID: But it was for an
aspect of the US government?
>>PETERSON: I believe that.
>>DAVID: OK.
You'd mentioned to me years
ago that there was something
about these particular
dolphins where
they would have extra bumps
on the side of their heads.
>>PETERSON: Different.
Yes.
They had can different--
>>DAVID: Could you tell
us a little about that.
What was that?
>>PETERSON: Well, they
had they had different--
groups of them had different
talents and skills.
They also had different organs.
And I could see that they had--
those that had certain--
different shaped areas of
their outer skin or they
had things that were very
soft and very soft things,
many times, you'd
touch one of those
and they'd have
the reaction of as
if somebody touched your eye.
You react differently if
somebody touches your eye
than if they touch your forehead
or your skin or your hand.
You have different reactions
when someone touches your hand.
And if you just look
at human nature,
you like holding
your girl's hand.
There's something
more happens when
you're holding their hand than
if you're sitting like this.
>>DAVID: So are you saying that
this was abnormal physiology
that--
>>PETERSON: No, it
wasn't abnormal.
It was their normal
physiology, but it
was different from
other animals'
physiology or your physiology,
but you could determine,
you could tell that there
was something happening there
that didn't happen otherwise.
>>DAVID: All right.
So we're going to ask
you some questions
now about a few
different subjects
just to try to get your take on
things because a lot of people
wrote in comments about
different subjects
and they want to hear
your take on this.
So let's start
with the first one.
This is kind of
silly, but people
want to hear what
you think about this.
>>PETERSON: No
question is silly.
You always learn something.
>>DAVID: There's a lot of
speculation on the internet
right now that the
Earth is actually flat.
OK.
And so from your experience, is
the Earth flat or is it round?
>>PETERSON: I think
the way I'll start
if off is by saying that no
one who ever took a physics
class would ever be
part of such a movement
because they would know
it's ludicrously stupid.
Were it flat, if you took
the mass of the Earth
and made it flat,
you would find out
that it would very
soon be 500 or 600
or 6,000 separate
little satellites
all flying different
directions through space.
You need to have a
central focus, which
you're going to have perfect
central focus with a sphere
and it will hold together, and
otherwise it will fly apart.
>>DAVID: Just based on the
inertia, the centrifugal force.
>>PETERSON: Inertia and
centripetal and centrifugal
force.
>>DAVID: Right.
So so, Pete, another
thing that we're
hearing so many people talking
about in our own comment
section here on Gaia and
on the internet in general
is a lot of
speculation about CERN,
the idea that smashing
particles together
might be that the
Cabal is trying
to create some portal that
negative entities could come
through or that they're
trying to mess with the fabric
of time, something like this.
So what are your
thoughts on CERN?
Are there any weird things
they're trying to do with CERN?
>>PETERSON: Well,
I think the biggest
thing is it's the stupidest
damn thing I've ever heard of.
What we're doing is we're
sitting there continuously
lighting a pyramid
sized chunk of gunpowder
and expecting it not to
go off and blow us away.
There are many things
that could happen
that we know of for a fact
that CERN could trigger.
And a good part of our galaxy,
if not the whole galaxy,
would wink out of existence.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: And
I think it's best
not to go see if
you can reach out
and poke the nose
of a rattlesnake
and get your finger
back before you get bit.
It's not something that I
think is a smart thing to do.
On the other hand,
there are things
that we know we can do with
it that won't cause reactions
like that and we can study those
things and discern what we can
from it, which was originally
it was supposed to prove or not
prove a certain particle,
and it proved that.
And we had that proof.
Well, it was a lot of
money to spend to do that,
but that told us so much more.
It's like quadrupled
our knowledge
or multiplied by 1,000 times our
knowledge in space time matter
physics.
So it was a good thing to
do, but to play with it,
to let a bunch of little boys
that don't have a hint what
they're doing play with
it when we know for a fact
that things happen
in outer space
that we have no explanation
for and then we're
trying to recreate those
in a small place on Earth.
>>DAVID: OK.
So another question we have here
regards this idea of portals,
and this would be, I guess,
an Einstein-Rosen Bridge,
a traversable wormhole.
Based on your insider
knowledge, are there traversable
wormholes in the universe, and
are there ways to access them?
>>PETERSON: I believe
that there are.
I believe there are
ways to access them.
I think they are
few and far between.
I think they're
very misunderstood,
and I would suggest
you don't play
with one unless you want to
be somewhere where you're not.
God knows you might be
in the middle of a sun,
or you might be out
in the middle of space
where you can't even
see another sun.
It's just not something to do.
>>DAVID: OK.
Another question that we
have here from the audience
is regarding artificial
intelligence.
And a lot of people
are now looking
at artificial
intelligence that if it
did occur that it
could potentially
be very threatening to us,
that it might see itself
as superior to humans, it might
try to destroy life on Earth.
What are your thoughts on
artificial intelligence?
>>PETERSON: It's a definite
up and coming field.
I only agree about 50%
with Raymond Kurzweil
where he thinks that artificial
intelligence will destroy what
we call intelligence today.
I like to think that most
of artificial intelligence--
and this is a joke--
most of artificial intelligence
occurs in famous colleges
and universities.
But I think that what they teach
as artificial intelligence,
there is real
intelligence there,
but it's not found in
colleges predominantly.
But artificial intelligence
is indeed that.
I don't think it's going to
be hard at all to supersede
man's intelligence
there, but that's
assuming that man doesn't take
some classes in what are taught
in remote viewing and remote
influencing and biolocation
and things like that.
Man has yet a lot to learn and
may become far more intelligent
than any--
what we would call
artificial intelligence.
On the other hand, for years,
I've known of soldiers--
electromechanical soldiers
that could outfight humans
without any question.
At first off, they could fly
by knifing people so fast--
they'd be going so fast,
you couldn't even see them.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: And they
could outrun bullets
or dodge bullets, so they'd
be very hard to put them down.
Some of them would be
very hard to sense.
Some of them could come
through the air, some
through the water.
And then we have
these things now.
They're getting better
and better and better.
They may show that man can--
mankind can do
something intelligent,
like they can eliminate
most of war as we know it.
>>DAVID: All right,
well, thank you, Pete.
This has been incredibly
fascinating, as always.
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
here with our special guest
Pete Peterson.
[MUSIC PLAYING]